With all the icons and splash screens added let's deploy the applications and let's start with Android
for that.
Was it your Android still your project and their under built.
You can generate a signed bundle or a P.K. which is what we need to do here.
No leave the default Android app bundle checked and click next.
Now you need a key store where you can create a new one.
Choose a path for at Keast or first of all and that can simply be your project path which is what I'll
choose here.
So all added My key store here in my project path.
Assign a password one that you should of course remember
you can leave the is here as it is and assign a number.
Password here
leaves the validity.
Then enter some data about yourself.
This is all data is basically used for assigning the app and signing is a process that basically makes
sure that you are the owner of the app.
You are the creator and you are the only one to change that app or to manage that app the exact data
you fill in here of course doesn't matter but it should be true because that is what you kind of use
for assigning and what you kind of leave as a footprint here.
And with all that you got a new key store.
You can leave everything as it is here.
And then choose a build type which should be released and finished it.
And what this will now do is it will take your application and put it into an API K so into a bundle
which you can upload to the Play Store and sign it with your data to add some proof that you are a creator
of this application and to kind of link it to you.
You could say so let's wait for it is built to finish and once this is done you can upload this part
and you can search for a Google placed or console to find that management area for you as a developer.
There you need to sign in with your Google account and then you need to accept the developer agreement
and pay a one time registration fee which isn't too high it's no subscription it's just one time.
This is basically there to make sure that only people that have at least some serious intentions release
apps to the App Store.
Now here I am locked in after accepting the agreement and paying that fee.
And here you can now click Create application choose your evil language give it a name like paper B
and B or whatever the name of your application of causes click Create here and then here you need to
fill out information about that application upload some images and basically build that page.
Your app will have in the App Store and of course therefore you will definitely want to add information
here that makes people want to download it.
Now what you of course need to do also is under app releases here you can upload a new app release for
dad go to production track and click manage create a release
continue here
and now browse files and upload your AP okay.
Now where do you find that in your project folder under Android app release release and that is your
app bundle and now does gets upload here is processed and thereafter once you all have finished the
rest here you can publish this app bundle and that is how you deploy your app to Android.